Added some kilted release notes (#5319)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Releases/Release-Kilted-Kaiju.rst

New features in this ROS 2 release
----------------------------------

> ``ament_cmake_ros``
> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: It's really hard to tell, but I think this should be:

```suggestion
``ament_cmake_ros``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

Add rmw_test_fixture for supporting RMW-isolated testing
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> Included two new packages which provide a extensible mechanism for creating a test fixture for RMW-based communication isolation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Included two new packages which provide an extensible mechanism for creating a test fixture for RMW-based communication isolation.
```

It is modeled closely after the rmw and rmw_implementation API.

The ``rmw_test_fixture`` package currently provides only the API, which could be implemented by an RMW provider for configuring their RMW for a test to run.

The ``rmw_test_fixture_implementation`` package provides the entry point for discovering, loading, and invoking the appropriate extension.

See https://github.com/ros2/ament_cmake_ros/pull/21 for more details.

``common_interfaces``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

New PoseStampedArray message
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Added a pose stamped array message to nav_msgs.

See https://github.com/ros2/common_interfaces/pull/240 for more details.

> ``ros2cli``
> ^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``ros2cli``
^^^^^^^^^^^

Action introspection
""""""""""""""""""""
```

This allows to instrospect an action with the command line.
Using ``ros2cli`` tools: ``ros2 action echo <action name>``.

See https://github.com/ros2/ros2cli/pull/978 for more information.

``rclcpp``
^^^^^^^^^^

Action generic client
"""""""""""""""""""""

Support action generic client, this is used to support actions in rosbag2.

See https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/pull/2759 for more details.

``rosbag2``
^^^^^^^^^^^

Action introspection rosbag2 support
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Allow to record and play actions from a rosbag.

See https://github.com/ros2/rosbag2/pull/1955 for more information.
Design document https://github.com/ros2/rosbag2/pull/1928.

``rosidl_rust``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Added ``rosidl_rust``
"""""""""""""""""""""

> A RUST idl generator was added as part of the default code generators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Rust idl generator was added to the list of default code generators.
```

See https://github.com/ros2/ros2/pull/1674 for more details.

``ros2``
^^^^^^^^

Switch to using Pixi/Conda for Windows
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

This allows to easily manage dependencies, and to update them in the future.
The installation process is significantly simplified.
Instead of dozens of steps to install dependencies, it is just a couple of commands.
It is much easier to update dependencies.
The dependencies are installed in individual workspaces, with no “global” installation.

See https://github.com/ros2/ci/pull/802 and https://github.com/ros2/ros2/pull/1642 for more details.

> Visit https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Installation/Alternatives/Windows-Development-Setup.html to install it on Windows.

Reviewer: This should be an internal link: https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/The-ROS2-Project/Contributing/Contributing-To-ROS-2-Documentation.html#internal-links

Support topic instances in DDS topics
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Topic instances are a way of multiplexing the transmission of updates of several objects of the same logical kind over the same resource, i.e. the topic.

See https://github.com/ros2/ros2/issues/1538 for more information.

> You can also check the documentation https://github.com/ros2/design/pull/340/files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also check the documentation: https://github.com/ros2/design/pull/340/files.
```

Changes since the Jazzy release
-------------------------------

``common_interfaces``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Added NV12 to pixel formats
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Added NV12 to pixel formats, which is a common output format of hardware-accelerated decoders

See https://github.com/ros2/common_interfaces/pull/253 for more details.

``rmw_connextdds_cpp``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Version bumped to 7.3
"""""""""""""""""""""

> Connext version was bumped to 7.3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RTI Connext DDS version was bumped to 7.3.0.
```

> See https://github.com/ros2/ci/pull/811 for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See https://github.com/ros2/ci/pull/811 for more details.
```

``Connextmicro``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

deprecated Connextmicro
"""""""""""""""""""""""

> The Connext Micro RMW package, ``rmw_connextddsmicro``, is going to stop receiving updates in Kilted Kaiju, and be removed in a future ROS 2 release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The RTI Connext Micro RMW package, ``rmw_connextddsmicro``, is going to stop receiving updates in Kilted Kaiju, and be removed in a future ROS 2 release.
```

> See https://github.com/ros2/rmw_connextdds/pull/182 for more information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See https://github.com/ros2/rmw_connextdds/pull/182 for more information.
```

``rosidl_dynamic_typesupport``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Removing support for float128
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

Removed support for float128 because there are inconsistencies in the definition.

See https://github.com/ros2/rosidl_dynamic_typesupport/issues/11 for more details.

``rmw_fastrtps_cpp``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Renaming package from fastrtps to fastdds
"""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> ``fastrtps`` was renamed to ``fastdds`` rmw's stay the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``fastrtps`` was renamed to ``fastdds``.
The names of the rmw implementations stay the same.
```

XML Profile ENV strings will change.

> See https://github.com/ros2/ros2/pull/1641 for more details

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See https://github.com/ros2/ros2/pull/1641 for more details.
```

For more information, see `ros2/launch#835 <https://github.com/ros2/launch/issues/835>`__ and `ros2/launch#838 <https://github.com/ros2/launch/pull/838>`__.

``rmw_zenoh_cpp``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

``Tier 1``
""""""""""

> The ``rmw_zenoh_cpp`` is now considered Tier 1, There are many PRs (summanarized in this `issue <https://github.com/ros2/rmw_zenoh/issues/265
> >`__) in the ROS 2 core packages, such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``rmw_zenoh_cpp`` is now considered Tier 1.
There are many PRs (summarized in `ros2/rmw_zenoh#265 <https://github.com/ros2/rmw_zenoh/issues/265>`__) in the ROS 2 core packages, such as:
```

  * Make the rmw pass all core tests.
  * Implement and document security
  * Make it work in the Tier 1 platforms.
  * Added Quality declarations
  * Added to REP 2005
  * A dedicated nightly CI job
  * Among others

> For more information see https://github.com/ros2/rmw_zenoh/issues/265

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information see https://github.com/ros2/rmw_zenoh/issues/265.
```
